`azurerm_app_service_virtual_network_swift_connection` - updated documentation for associating to vNets (#17734)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/app_service_virtual_network_swift_connection.html.markdown

# azurerm_app_service_virtual_network_swift_connection

Manages an App Service Virtual Network Association for [Regional VNet Integration](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/web-sites-integrate-with-vnet#regional-vnet-integration).

> This resource can be used for both `azurerm_app_service` and `azurerm_function_app`.

Reviewer: since those resources are both deprecated perhaps we should make this:

```suggestion
This resource can be used for both App Services and Function Apps.
```

~> **Note:** The following resources support associating the vNet for Regional vNet Integration directly on the resource and via the `azurerm_app_service_virtual_network_swift_connection` resource. You can't use both simultaneously.

>  - [azurerm_windows_web_app](windows_web_app.html)
>  - [azurerm_windows_web_app_slot](windows_web_app_slot.html)
>  - [azurerm_windows_function_app](windows_function_app.html)
>  - [azurerm_windows_function_app_slot](windows_function_app_slot.html)
>  - [azurerm_linux_web_app](linux_web_app.html)
>  - [azurerm_linux_web_app_slot](linux_web_app_slot.html)
>  - [azurerm_linux_function_app](linux_function_app.html)
>  - [azurerm_linux_function_app_slot](linux_function_app_slot.html)
>  - [azurerm_logic_app_standard](logic_app_standard.html)

Reviewer: minor but can we sort these alphabetically:

```suggestion
 - [azurerm_linux_function_app](linux_function_app.html)
 - [azurerm_linux_function_app_slot](linux_function_app_slot.html)
 - [azurerm_linux_web_app](linux_web_app.html)
 - [azurerm_linux_web_app_slot](linux_web_app_slot.html)
 - [azurerm_logic_app_standard](logic_app_standard.html)
 - [azurerm_windows_function_app](windows_function_app.html)
 - [azurerm_windows_function_app_slot](windows_function_app_slot.html)
 - [azurerm_windows_web_app](windows_web_app.html)
 - [azurerm_windows_web_app_slot](windows_web_app_slot.html)
 ```
